and in continuation of the last video, we again
tell you about 20 kryseyosnosnyh
gaming facts that you are likely to
didn't see let's go honestly I didn't know
that hedgehogs know how to swim turned out
what the main programmer working on
Sonic also did not know about it so
sonic can't swim
I wonder why no one said it
during development it is funny that he learned
about it only in 2009 during
interview so you can't blame him for
such scientific inaccuracy even hedgehogs
and know how to swim it looks a bit
it's ridiculous but they don't get out of the water
can
one of the most controversial moments in games
in recent years, this level is not a word
in Russian and from call of duty modern
warfare 2
the player could miss the scene shoot
the people themselves or watch how they do it for
him in the Russian version of this level
completely cut out of course why
but not only so categorically
reacted to him in German and Japanese
versions if you fall for civilians
the game is over so here in the Japanese version
incorrectly translated phrase makarov and
instead of a word in Russian it was said
kill them they are Russians it has created yet
a lot of hype yes I am and confusion in the plot
the outcome of the mass effect story has disappointed
many players in one of the mass endings
effect 3 we see an old man
telling the boy the story of shepard
few people know that this role is voiced bases
oldrin second person set foot on
surface of the moon after armstrong nila
the involvement of such a person to the game
it is impossible not to appreciate the pity that only ardent
space fans might have noticed this
role can you believe it or not but first
halo development stages planned as
real time strategy for pc
emacs 2009 still released halo wars
but if so it was originally who knows
could this series be such
popular rts is sometimes too complicated for
masses rather than shooters unfortunately genre
real-time strategies are slow but
disappears from the gaming industry series
metal gear solid always had
specific humor during the latter
Snake Battle with Vegan Ocelot
avdp3 players can allow ocelot
kiss with nike cheek for it even
give achivku and
The prelude battle is divided into 3 phases which
reflect the last three parts if in
the third phase, the player can not fight back
liquide that kisses him strange
after all, the Japanese are the creator of the series humor
It is locked, all the ice Shigeru Miyamoto
New York interview
when he was a child and lived in the village
his parents barely watched him and he
walked where I wanted a little irresponsible
but if at the age of 7 he had not found a small one
a system of caves that literally
fell in love and spent a lot of time there
you probably wouldn't be a child
in the shower being an adult man
maybe zelda might not be
if not for the curiosity of the boy
donkey kong game that started it all
she gave us the main character and
beloved plumber Mario
Sigeru Miyamoto in an interview in 2009
said they borrowed a lot of ideas
of the games and dad but they were not of Popeye
allowed to use then they had to
come up with mario and donkey conga case all
differently in one after playing dad them
would be no worse in terms of gameplay
the number would have remained without charismatic
italian maybe you know what
development time resident evil 4
rebuilt several times while
development did not connect shinji mikami
but few know that devil may edge
turned out from one of these prototypes
because the concept is too strong
different from the original it was decided
make it an independent game which
subsequently received a huge success
considering how much was half
made a game in the resident universe
evil
we have to say thanks mikami for not
rejected this concept golden eye 007
This is one of the best console shooters.
past his multiplayer on four with
split-screen was insanely funny as you
think how much they did may have gone
months of development and testing no
only six weeks yes and generally
the developers initially thought it was
stupid idea and no one really wanted
include it in a game so short
term
the game has evolved from a great
film adaptation game with cool
multiplayer given that he is blind ling
in a hurry it is surprising that there is no
heaps of bugs and bugs
many of us love the original silent
hill
how terrible it was to look for Cheryl in that
terrifying school
nevertheless someone noticed that this
the school is modeled from a movie with
Schwarzenegger Kindergarten Policeman
now it seems to me that the action is in it
took place in it oregon
and the pancake in silent hill is somehow creepy from
this is not really the developers could not
for example go to america or somehow
another way to learn how it is arranged
schools why was it to do looking
film if you want to see 10 more
The fascinating facts boldly poke on
icon in the screen or go to the description
but with you as always there was a team ok
letplay put likes and subscribe
on the channel and tell as often as possible
she with friends all thanks for watching
bye everyone